## Version 0.5

Unfortunately, `source_DropboxData` is no longer supported due to changes in the
Dropbox API.

## Version 0.4.4 

`set_valid_wd` informs the user if no valid directory is found.

## Version 0.4.3

`set_valid_wd` sets valid working directory from vector of possible directories.

## Version 0.4.2

xlsx package moved to suggests. Most of the package can now be used without xlsx 
installed or its rJava dependency.

## Version 0.4.1 

Minor internal change to options for sourcing data.

Minor documentation improvements.

## Version 0.4

`source_data` and `source_DropboxData` now use `fread` from the data.table
package rather than `read.table` for faster more robust data loading.

Note: may break code from previous version in some instances. Please check.

## Version 0.3.3

Added `scan_https` for reading a character text file from a secure (https) site
into R as a single object.

## Version 0.3.2

Added `git_stamp` function for get git stamp (commit and branch) for a
repository. Thanks to Måns Magnusson.

## Version 0.3.1

Improved SHA1 Hash messages.

## Verion 0.3

`source_data` now also loads RDATA files. Thanks to Måns Magnusson.

## Version 0.2.9

Added `source_XlsxData` function for downloading and loading Excel files.

Internal code improvements

Internal improvements.

## Version 0.2.8

Added `cache` and `clearCache` arguments to `source_data. This allows the user
to cache the downloaded data frame so that it does not need to be downloaded
every time the function is called.

## Version 0.2.7.1

Added ability to pass arguments to `source_data`, `source_DropboxData`, and
`source_GitHubData`.

## Version 0.2.7

Improvements made to `LoadandCite` largely suggested by R Journal reviewers.
These include:

- if `pkgs = NULL` then non-base packages loaded in the current session are cited.

- can use the `style` argument to style the citations for the Journal of
Statistical Software.

- automatically includes a citation for the current R version and can check to
see if the version of R running matches a specified version.

## Version 0.2.6.2

Minor example changes.

## Version 0.2.6.1

Minor internal changes.

## Version 0.2.6

Minor changes to `LoadandCite`, if `file = NULL` then the packages are loaded
but no BibTeX file is created.

Other internal improvements and bug fixes.

## Version 0.2.5

Drawing on devtools version 1.2, this `source_data` now us finds sha-1 hashes
for files and lets the user compare these with the version of the file they have
downloaded. This makes it easier to see if you downloaded the same file you
thought you had downloaded.

`source_GitHubData` is now depricated and will not be updated from this point.
Please use `source_data` instead.

Minor default settings change for data commands.

## Version 0.2.4

Add `source_DropboxData` for loading plain-text data from a non-Public Dropbox
folder.

Big hat tip to Kay Cichini
(http://thebiobucket.blogspot.com/2013/04/download-files-from-dropbox.html)

## Version 0.2.3

Add `source_data`. `source_GitHubData` turned into a wrapper for `source_data`.

## Version 0.2.2

Change how default repo in `LoadandCite` is determined/set.

Version 0.2.1

`LoadandCite` repo option now gets repo information from `.Rprofile`. Thanks to
Karthik Ram.

## Version 0.2

- Add tools to install old R package versions both in a stand alone function
(`InstallOldPackages`) and as part of `LoadandCite`.

- the `package` argument for `LoadandCite` is deprecated. Use `pkgs` instead.
This is so the syntax matches `install.packages syntax better.

## Version 0.1.1

Documentation and external package load fixes.

## Version 0.1

Includes the functions `LoadandCite` for loading and citing R packages as well
as `source_GitHubData` for downloading plain-text data from GitHub.
